README.md, before:

# hapi-react-views

A hapi view engine for React components.

[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views.svg?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views/dev-status.svg?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views#info=devDependencies)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views)

By default, we render static markup. We can also choose to use
`React.renderToString`, preserving the `data-react-id` attributes so
re-mounting client side is possible.


## Install

```bash
$ npm install hapi-react-views
```

Note: Your project should have it's own `react` dependency installed. We depend
on `react` via `peerDependencies`.


## Usage

Configuring the server:

```js
var Hapi = require('hapi');

var server = new Hapi.Server(3000);

server.views({
    engines: {
        jsx: require('hapi-react-views')
    },
    compileOptions: { ... }, // optional
    relativeTo: __dirname,
    path: 'views'
});
```

Configuring with a CLI manifest using
[`visionary`](https://github.com/hapijs/visionary):

```json
{
    "servers": [{
        "port": 8080
    }],
    "plugins": {
        "visionary": {
            "engines": {
              "jsx": "hapi-react-views"
            },
            "compileOptions": { ... },
            "path": "./views"
        }
    }
}
```


## API

### `server.views(options)`

[Please refer to hapi's docs on
`server.views(options)` for complete details.](http://hapijs.com/api#serverviewsoptions)

We'll be focusing on the `compileOptions` property that you can include when
passing `options` to `server.views`.

The following `compileOptions` will customize how `hapi-react-views` works.

  - `compileOptions` - options object passed to the engine's compile function.
    Defaults to `{}`.
    - `doctype` - a simple string prepended to the response. Defaults to
      `<!DOCTYPE html>`
    - `renderMethod` - the method to invoke on `React` to generate our output.
       Available options are `renderToStaticMarkup` and `renderToString`.
       Defaults to `renderToStaticMarkup`.
    - `removeCache` - since `node-jsx` takes a while to startup, we can remove
      templates from the cache so we don't need to restart the server to see
      changes. Defaults to `'production' !== process.env.NODE_ENV`.
    - `node-jsx` - options object passed to
      [`node-jsx`](https://github.com/petehunt/node-jsx)'s `install` method.
      Defaults to `undefined`.

You're able to override all these `compileOptions` at runtime except `node-jsx`
which only happens once.

```js
var context = { name: 'Steve' };
var renderOpts = {
    runtimeOptions: {
        doctype: '<!DOCTYPE html>',
        renderMethod: 'renderToString'
    }
};

server.render('template', context, renderOpts, function (err, output) {

    ...
});
```

[Please refer to hapi's docs on
`server.render(template, context, [options], callback)` for complete details.](http://hapijs.com/api#serverrendertemplate-context-options-callback)


## License

MIT


## Don't forget

What you create with `hapi-react-views` is more important than `hapi-react-views`.

Commit message:

Add ability to turn off node-jsx if not required
Adds ability to turn off jsx compilation if not required - for example if using babel's require hook or writing in ES5 style React.

README.md, after:

# hapi-react-views

A hapi view engine for React components.

[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views.svg?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views/dev-status.svg?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views#info=devDependencies)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jedireza/hapi-react-views)

By default, we render static markup. We can also choose to use
`React.renderToString`, preserving the `data-react-id` attributes so
re-mounting client side is possible.


## Install

```bash
$ npm install hapi-react-views
```

Note: Your project should have it's own `react` dependency installed. We depend
on `react` via `peerDependencies`.


## Usage

Configuring the server:

```js
var Hapi = require('hapi');

var server = new Hapi.Server(3000);

server.views({
    engines: {
        jsx: require('hapi-react-views')
    },
    compileOptions: { ... }, // optional
    relativeTo: __dirname,
    path: 'views'
});
```

Configuring with a CLI manifest using
[`visionary`](https://github.com/hapijs/visionary):

```json
{
    "servers": [{
        "port": 8080
    }],
    "plugins": {
        "visionary": {
            "engines": {
              "jsx": "hapi-react-views"
            },
            "compileOptions": { ... },
            "path": "./views"
        }
    }
}
```


## API

### `server.views(options)`

[Please refer to hapi's docs on
`server.views(options)` for complete details.](http://hapijs.com/api#serverviewsoptions)

We'll be focusing on the `compileOptions` property that you can include when
passing `options` to `server.views`.

The following `compileOptions` will customize how `hapi-react-views` works.

  - `compileOptions` - options object passed to the engine's compile function.
    Defaults to `{}`.
    - `doctype` - a simple string prepended to the response. Defaults to
      `<!DOCTYPE html>`
    - `renderMethod` - the method to invoke on `React` to generate our output.
       Available options are `renderToStaticMarkup` and `renderToString`.
       Defaults to `renderToStaticMarkup`.
    - `removeCache` - since `node-jsx` takes a while to startup, we can remove
      templates from the cache so we don't need to restart the server to see
      changes. Defaults to `'production' !== process.env.NODE_ENV`.
    - `useNodeJsx` - a boolean that controls if `node-jsx` is used. Defaults to
      `true`. Set to `false` if you're using another transformer (ex:
      `babel/require`) or don't need `jsx` transformations.
    - `node-jsx` - options object passed to
      [`node-jsx`](https://github.com/petehunt/node-jsx)'s `install` method.
      Defaults to `undefined`.

You're able to override all these `compileOptions` at runtime except `node-jsx`
which only happens once.

```js
var context = { name: 'Steve' };
var renderOpts = {
    runtimeOptions: {
        doctype: '<!DOCTYPE html>',
        renderMethod: 'renderToString'
    }
};

server.render('template', context, renderOpts, function (err, output) {

    ...
});
```

[Please refer to hapi's docs on
`server.render(template, context, [options], callback)` for complete details.](http://hapijs.com/api#serverrendertemplate-context-options-callback)


## License

MIT


## Don't forget

What you create with `hapi-react-views` is more important than `hapi-react-views`.
